qm-guest-exec-status, qm-guest-passwd: add page (#9102)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-guest-passwd.md

# qm guest passwd

> > Sets the password for the given user on QEMU/KVM Virtual Machine Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Set passwords for the given user on QEMU/KVM Virtual Machine Manager.
```

Author: should it not be password instead of passwords since its user specific

> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

> - Set the password for the provided user in a vm:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the password for a specific user in a virtual machine:
```

`qm guest passwd {{vm_id}} {{username}}`

> - Specify if the password has already been encrypted using crypt():

Reviewer: Can you explain this command to me?

Author: It lets you interactively set the password of a user in a vm

Reviewer: This way?
```suggestion
- Set the password for a specific user in a virtual machine interactively:
```

Author: ah sorry for the miscommunication, using the `--crypted 1` flag lets you use a password that has already been hashed using crypt()

Reviewer: and how you use that hash?

Author: Usually, the password is hashed using this https://manned.org/crypt.3, and then the hashed output is passed interactively through the terminal when prompted for a password. It skips using the default encryption provided by `qm guest password` and instead stores the provided password hash directly.
kind of an edge case tbh but nice to have I guess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set an already hashed password for a specific user in a virtual machine interactively:
```
